Update the header of every file - new comments (#108188)
AdguardTeam/AdguardFilters: UsefulAdsFilter/sections/usefulads.txt

!

> ! This section contains the list of the base rules that unblock search enginge result pages. Rules should be specific.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
! This section contains the list of the rules that unblock contextual (and only contextual) ads on the search engine result pages. Rules should be domain-specific.

```
